Specify OS version availability for defterm (#417)
MicrosoftDocs/terminal: TerminalDocs/customize-settings/startup.md

**Default value:** Windows Console Host

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This feature is only available in [Windows Terminal Preview](https://aka.ms/terminal-preview) when on Windows 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is only available in [Windows Terminal Preview](https://aka.ms/terminal-preview) when running Windows 10 Insider Program Dev Channel or Windows 11.
```
